Full Stack Software Engineer, Atlas Applications
Boston Dynamics · Waltham, MA (On-site)

Apply

Save
Save Full Stack Software Engineer, Atlas Applications  at Boston Dynamics
Show more options
Your AI-powered job assessment


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to
Boston University logo
Boston University logo
School alumni from Boston University

Show all
About the job
About The Role

As seen at CES 2026, Atlas is the robot transforming the role of humanoid robots in our world. This is your chance to come and work on the cutting edge of robotics, and make a direct impact on how people will interact with humanoids now and in the future.

The Atlas Applications team is seeking a versatile full stack engineer to build and integrate the systems that make Atlas capable of complex tasks in dynamic environments.

In this role, you will work on every layer of the agentic system that powers Atlas from robot commands to context engineering and user interfaces. You will partner closely with ML engineers, product teams, and interaction designers to develop Atlas' planning and reasoning system, and to integrate this system with the right tools, data, and prompts.

Candidates who thrive working across system boundaries and who are excited to push forward the state of the art in robotics are encouraged to apply.

Responsibilities

Work directly on Atlas' agentic capabilities, utilizing VLMs, tool calls, context engineering, and memory to build a flexible and performant task execution system.
Develop the operator dashboards, task configuration UIs, and diagnostic interfaces to help users build and deploy Atlas applications.
Design and implement observability frameworks, structured logging, and tracing infrastructure to provide visibility into system behavior and performance.
Develop and utilize evaluation and benchmarks to measure reasoning quality, safety, reliability, and generalization across tasks and environments.
Collaborate cross-functionally with agentic systems, behavior, controls, perception, and product experts to ship end-to-end capabilities.
Engage with customers and internal stakeholders to understand real-world use cases and ensure solutions are practical, reliable, and impactful.
Contribute to a strong engineering culture through code reviews, testing, documentation, and thoughtful system design.

Requirements

3+ years of professional software engineering experience with a strong full stack background spanning frontend, backend, and LLM integrations.
Demonstrated ability to design and integrate APIs and third-party services in complex, multi-system environments.
Strong fundamentals in data structures, algorithms, distributed systems, and software architecture.
Proficiency in modern frontend frameworks (e.g., React), backend technologies (e.g., Python, TypeScript) and databases (e.g. Postgres, Redis, Pinecone).
Demonstrated ability to ship reliable, maintainable, and well-tested software while utilizing agentic coding tools like Claude Code.
Comfort working in fast-moving, ambiguous environments where you're expected to own problems end to end.

Preferred

Experience with LLM products and/or agentic systems, including prompt engineering, context window management, or tool-use orchestration (e.g. coding agents).
Experience working with robotics systems, vision models, or real-time data pipelines.
Strong proficiency in TypeScript and/or Python with comfort operating across large codebases.
Familiarity with observability platforms (e.g. OpenTelemetry) and evaluation frameworks for AI systems.

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas for this position.

The base pay range for this position is between $117,000 to $160,00 annually. Base pay will depend on multiple individualized factors including, but not limited to internal equity, job related knowledge, skills and experience. This range represents a good faith estimate of compensation at the time of posting. Boston Dynamics offers a generous Benefits package including medical, dental vision, 401(k), paid time off and a annual bonus structure. Additional details regarding these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer for employment.